---
title: Practical Arduino: Cool Projects for Open Source Hardware
taxonomy:
	author: [Jonathan Oxer, Hugh Blemings]
	pubdate: 2009
	isbn: 1430224770
	subjects: [Arduinos, Computers / Programming / Open Source, Technology & Engineering / Robotics]
	audience: [College/University, General, Libraries]
	expertise: [Intermediate, Advanced]
	tag: [lesson plans]
thumb: http://books.google.com/books/content?id=HsTxON1L6D4C&printsec=frontcover&img=1&zoom=1&imgtk=AFLRE71hptcCtVW4roBEtwC4iJ3gf5A3qJ6WqCSn9b5jeiW2OE1zSrii0ZTdS554MWsJXh4VNmdiqu7Ff9SC9ymg6Xcp6nA7OUNQpWPyVxUPiyXw61GZNSXlOp6MNjTnY5Cf1PAL-xcA&source=gbs_api
cover: http://books.google.com/books/content?id=HsTxON1L6D4C&printsec=frontcover&img=1&zoom=1&imgtk=AFLRE71hptcCtVW4roBEtwC4iJ3gf5A3qJ6WqCSn9b5jeiW2OE1zSrii0ZTdS554MWsJXh4VNmdiqu7Ff9SC9ymg6Xcp6nA7OUNQpWPyVxUPiyXw61GZNSXlOp6MNjTnY5Cf1PAL-xcA&source=gbs_api
amazon: https://www.amazon.com/Practical-Arduino-Projects-Hardware-Technology/dp/1430224770
worldcat: nil
google: https://play.google.com/store/books/details?id=HsTxON1L6D4C
---
<p>Create your own Arduino-based designs, gain in-depth knowledge of the architecture of Arduino, and learn the user-friendly Arduino language all in the context of practical projects that you can build yourself at home. Get hands-on experience using a variety of projects and recipes for everything from home automation to test equipment.</p> <p>Arduino has taken off as an incredibly popular building block among ubicomp (ubiquitous computing) enthusiasts, robotics hobbyists, and DIY home automation developers. Authors Jonathan Oxer and Hugh Blemings provide detailed instructions for building a wide range of both practical and fun Arduino-related projects, covering areas such as hobbies, automotive, communications, home automation, and instrumentation.</p>  Take Arduino beyond &quot;blink&quot; to a wide variety of projects from simple to challenging  Hands-on recipes for everything from home automation to interfacing with your car engine management system  Explanations of techniques and references to handy resources for ubiquitous computing projects   <p>Supplementary material includes a circuit schematic reference, introductions to a range of electronic engineering principles and general hints &amp; tips. These combine with the projects themselves to make Practical Arduino: Cool Projects for Open Source Hardware an invaluable reference for Arduino users of all levels. You'll learn a wide variety of techniques that can be applied to your own projects.</p> What you’ll learn Communication with serial devices including RFID readers, temperature sensors, and GPS modules  Connecting Arduino to Ethernet and WiFi networks  Adding synthesized speech to Arduino  Linking Arduino to web services  Decoding data streams from commercial wireless devices  How to make DIY prototyping shields for only a couple of dollars   Who this book is for<p>This book is for hobbyists and developers interested in physical computing using a low-cost, easy-to-learn platform.</p> <p> </p> Table of Contents Introduction  Appliance Remote Control  Time-Lapse Camera Controller  Virtual USB Keyboard  PS/2 Keyboard or Mouse Input  Security/Automation Sensors  Online Thermometer  Touch Control Panel  Speech Synthesizer  Water Flow Gauge  Oscilloscope/Logic Analyzer  Water Tank Depth Sensor  Weather Station Receiver  RFID Access Control System  Vehicle Telemetry Platform  Resources